c:\users\mazlum\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\sistemTarama.exe.config
c:\users\mazlum\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\sistemTarama.exe
c:\users\mazlum\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\sistemTarama.pdb
c:\users\mazlum\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\obj\Debug\sistemTarama.Form1.resources
c:\users\mazlum\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\obj\Debug\sistemTarama.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mazlum\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\obj\Debug\sistemTarama.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mazlum\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\obj\Debug\sistemTarama.exe
c:\users\mazlum\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\obj\Debug\sistemTarama.pdb
c:\users\mazlum\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.dll
c:\users\mazlum\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.dll
c:\users\mazlum\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\mazlum\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\mazlum\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\mazlum\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\mazlum\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\mazlum\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\mazlum\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\pt\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\mazlum\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\mazlum\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\mazlum\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\mazlum\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\obj\Debug\sistemTarama.Yazdir.resources
c:\users\mazlum\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
c:\users\mazlum\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Users\mazlum\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common.dll
C:\Users\mazlum\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.ProcessingObjectModel.DLL
C:\Users\mazlum\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WebForms.DLL
C:\Users\mazlum\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\obj\Debug\sistemTarama.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mazlum\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\obj\Debug\sistemTarama.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\mazlum\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\obj\Debug\sistemTarama.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\obj\Debug\sistemTarama.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\obj\Debug\sistemTarama.Form1.resources
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\obj\Debug\sistemTarama.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\obj\Debug\sistemTarama.Yazdir.resources
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\obj\Debug\sistemTarama.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\obj\Debug\sistemTarama.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\obj\Debug\sistemTarama.exe
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\obj\Debug\sistemTarama.pdb
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\sistemTarama.exe.config
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\sistemTarama.exe
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\sistemTarama.pdb
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common.dll
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.ProcessingObjectModel.DLL
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WebForms.DLL
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.dll
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.dll
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\pt\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\mazlum\Desktop\sistemTarama\sistemTarama\obj\Debug\sistemTarama.csproj.CopyComplete
